Evaluate for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: ALL: myelodysplastic syndromes: chronic Lymphoproliferative disorders, CLL. Prior therapy: chemotherapy, Fludarabine
more than one month ago. CBC report received.
Correlation with a comprehensive bone marrow morphology examination, CBC data/blood smear, and other relevant clincial and laboratory data is recommended.

A small population of monoclonal B-cells (Kappa) is present in the bone marrow. The antigenic profile is consistent with chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small
lymphocytic lymphoma (CLL/SLL).

Part #1 is labeled "left breast biopsy" and is received fresh after frozen section preparation. It consists of a single firm nodule measuring 3cm in circular
diameter and 1.5cm in thickness surrounded by adherent firbrofatty tissue. On section a pale gray, slightly mottled appearance is revealed. Numerous sections
are submitted for permanent processing.

Part #2 is labeled "apical left axillary tissue" and is received fresh. It consists of two amorphous fibrofatty
tissue masses without grossly discernible lymph nodes therein. Both pieces are rendered into numerous sections and submitted in their entirety for
history.

Part #3 is labeled "contents of left radical mastectomy" and is received flesh. It consists of a large ellipse of skin overlying breast tissue,
the ellipse measuring 20cm in length and 14 cm in height. A freshly sutured incision extends 3cm directly lateral from the areola, corresponding to the closure
for removal of part #1. Abundant amounts of fibrofatty connective tissue surround the entire beast and the deep aspect includes and 8cm length of pectoralis
minor and a generous mass of overlying pectoralis major muscle. Incision from the deepest aspect of the specimen beneath the tumor mass reveals tumor extension
gross to within 0.5cm of muscle. Sections are submitted according to the following code: DE- deep surgical resection margins; SU, LA, INF, ME -- full thickness
radila samplings from the center of the tumor superiorly, laterally, inferiorly and medially, respectively: NI- nipple and subjacent tissue. Lymph nodes dissected
free from axillary fibrofatty tissue from levels I, II, and III will be labeled accordingly.

C182
M-81403